1. Answer
I’m a student from India and want to learn Mathematics for Machine Learning . I think it will be beneficial for my work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. It is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

2.My main career goal is to learn every day. I really want to learn and to progress in my career. Programming requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study this Mathematics for Machine Learning  and also to implement it. It can help me advance in my knowledge. This course will help me in defining Mathematics for Machine Learning , understanding how Mathematics for Machine Learning  could potentially impact our business and industry, to write a thought leadership piece regarding use cases and industry potential of Mathematics for Machine Learning , explain Mathematics for Machine Learning  to clients, friends, joining a community of economists, business leaders, entrepreneurs, and technologists that are shaping this technology as we speak. Identifying which aspects of Mathematics for Machine Learning  seem most important and relevant to us, Walking away with a strong foundation in where Mathematics for Machine Learning  is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Mathematics for Machine Learning  course will help me achieve it to learn. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my programming knowledge in the past.

3. Answer
In my opinion, students want to learn and earn a certificate so that it will be helpful in getting jobs on the basis of what student have learned. But, using a low-interest loan to pay for any course will burden them to pay on this platform and will be more focused on paying the money because as a student it is not possible for them to pay any amount of money as they are not earning. They will definitely buy courses once they start earning. So I think that financial aid system should be like this only as this encourages a student to learn, they don't feel that they can't study due to lack of money. And, I truly appreciate this humble way of offering financial aid to students as they can keep on learning.


